[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Nora.
>> Reuben.
>> Here we are.
Thank you for doing this
a second time, sort of.
>> You're welcome.
>> We've been filming
you on and off here.
So I've asked you this before.
And now I'm here, and we've
gotten all the cameras on you.
Can you describe to me the
process of what do you do
and what kind of
energies do you tap into?
And then hopefully, hopefully
we can tap into them today.
>> Sure.
>> All right.
Excellent.
>> So I do what's called
direct voice channeling.
I also translate.
So they're two different
versions of channeling work.
Translation is I listen and
receive and then tell you
in my own voice the information
I'm getting and what I hear.
And I often do that
when I work privately
in one-on-one sessions.
I'll do some translation work
and I'll use my own voice.
And they've expressed the
importance of us, all of us,
accessing information
in a variety of ways.
So that's one of the ways
I access information.
But then I also
direct voice channel.
So direct voice channel means
I raise my personal vibration
to a point where
I can connect up
with beings who
exist in a higher
dimension, another
vibration, another frequency.
They interact with me
telepathically, move through me
energetically.
I allow them to alter
my vocal chords,
speak directly through me.
The beings I work with are
the Pleiadian Collective,
so they're a 12th dimensional
collective of beings
that if we were
going to assign them
a location in our third
dimensional version
of reality--
>> 12th dimension.
How do you even have that--
I mean, that's even so far
out of earthly terms, but--
>> It's different experience,
different flavors.
Along with that comes different
abilities, different awareness.
So when I say 12th dimensional
Pleiadian Collective,
they are a gigantic
being of love and light
that knows themselves to be one
and yet understands that they
are comprised of many ones.
But they do not each
individuate themself
like we do here on Earth.
>> Right.
Hence the collective,
the term collective.
>> Yes.
>> So it's not a specific
being in particular.
>> That's correct.
But there are specific
beings I work with, as well.
So the Pleiadians are one
of many groups and beings
I work with.
A specific being
would be Calliandra.
She's a fifth dimensional fairy.
So we'll call her a fairy.
That's how she
presented herself to me.
I also work with Yeshua.
I see Yeshua to be
a collective being.
But we know that being to be
an individual entity that we
call Jesus on this planet.
But I know, I know that energy
to be a collective energy.
The Archangel Michael, at
times, will come through me.
The Lyrenz, beings from Lemuria.
The Zetas have made
contact with me.
It's a very in the
moment process for me.
But the majority
of the information
I'm accessing at this time
is coming from the Pleidians,
Yeshua, Calliandra.
Those are kind of
the big three for me.
>> And are you--
you're present when--
>> Yes.
>> --in your awareness
when this happens.
It's not like you
conk out and then
you wake up and like,
oh, what happened?
>> Yes.
>> Because I've seen that.
I've seen people
who have channeled
and that's taken place.
>> Yeah.
So what you're talking about
there is trance channeling.
>> Trance channeling, OK.
>> Yes.
What I do is called
conscious channeling
and/or semi-conscious
channeling.
And you can even see
a difference in me
when I'm fully conscious and
then when I am semi-conscious.
>> So has that happened
to you in the past?
>> Yes.
So the fully
conscious channeling
is more that, OK, I'm
accessing the information,
I'm going to give it to
you right now, Ruben.
They're telling me blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
Right?
>> OK.
So that's almost like when
you work with clients and--
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> Hearing it and kind
of translating it.
>> Yes.
And then I will go into
a semi-conscious state
with clients, as
well, where then I
allow the Pleidians, Yeshua,
whomever, in the moment,
to directly work
through my body.
>> I see.
Wow.
Is there-- well, you
must resonate with all
the different frequencies.
Otherwise they wouldn't
be coming through.
But do you have a favorite?
Or can you not say,
because that'll--
>> Do I have a favorite?
>> Depends on the day?
>> Yeah.
You know, it's really, it's
the Pleidians, Calliandra,
and Yeshua.
I could not pick one of
those out of the three.
However, I am aware that I
have a very specific contract
with the Pleidians.
And I believe that's why they're
predominantly coming through
right now.
And I've really noticed
that over the last year,
especially, when I go into the
semi-conscious direct voice
channeling state, it's mostly
the Pleidians transmitting
and then occasionally Yeshua,
Calliandra, the others, Lyrenz,
Lemurians.
In the past, there used to be
more of a variety in my work.
So I'm very aware that
for now, maybe we'll say
the Pleidians are my favorite.
Sorry, Calliandra.
[GIGGLING]
>> Sure she understands.
>> Oh, she understands.
But she's like this right now.
>> Well, maybe we can give her
some time to voice, as well.
And in addition to
being a channeler--
or maybe this goes hand
in hand, because you're
also clairvoyant,
or clairaudient,
or is that kind of
one and the same?
>> So language is
very interesting.
Because we use it to help
us understand and label,
and then we can often
then limit and categorize.
Channels will use their
clairvoyant, their chlora,
their clairsentient abilities
to help them access information.
Yes, I am also,
as Nora, however,
very intuitive, psychic,
clairvoyant, clairaudient,
clairsentient.
That's a little bit
different from channeling.
Yes, that's me using my
own operating system.
Yeah.
>> And you have those
abilities, as well.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Awesome.
Because I've talked
with other, I guess,
intuitive people,
in quotes, where
to me, and after
hearing the process,
it sounds like they were
just tapping into like a more
channeled type, you know.
Well, it wasn't me, it
was, I heard a voice
and this is what I'm getting.
And most of the
time, it's accurate.
But I just wondered how
your operating system works.
>> Yes.
And really, when it
comes down to it,
it's all information
coming from source energy,
whether you access it
directly in your own body
or you access it from a
vibration or a frequency
outside of you,
we are all source.
We are all that love
energy incarnate,
it's just fun to get to
do it different ways.
That's one of the gifts of
being here on planet Earth.
We get the variety
and the selection.
>> And you know, and
yeah, getting to that--
and maybe this is a question
later for the Palladians--
but by giving it these
labels, is that just more--
because I've noticed
some people who
are new to the intuitive
side of things,
they're feeling energies,
they're hearing it,
but they don't,
maybe they don't know
how to categorize them right?
Or is it even appropriate
to categorize it?
How does that all,
when ultimately we're
trying to get to a place where
we're not labeling anything
at all, how does-- does that
help us and does that serve us?
>> I think it helps
initially to label,
categorize to help the mental
body catch up and understand
what it is you're already doing
in your emotional and energetic
and physical bodies.
And then once you achieve
that level of understanding,
it's very important to release
the labels and the attachments
and just be in the moment.
Because then your
mind has relaxed.
So the mental body was
really set up to filter out--
the third dimensional
mental body--
was set up to filter out
all of this input, all
of this information.
>> Zoe, you are now part of--
officially.
>> So this is Zoe.
>> Hey, Zoe.
>> Zoe is an elf and a unicorn.
We like to call
Zoe the elficorn.
Because she brings through
the elfen and the unicorn
energies strongly in our space.
And we have--
>> Yes, you have an
elf face, I can tell.
>> Yes.
We have a couple of cats.
One is bringing
through the fairy
vibration and the other
a Pleiadian frequency
and vibration.
>> Animals, they are
definitely helping us here,
on so many levels.
>> We've had Zoe now for
just a little over a year.
And she has brought with her
such an amazing transmission
of unconditional love
and fun and play.
Our entire reality has
shifted with her presence.
>> I've noticed that
with animals, they--
if humans could operate
on an animal level,
in so many ways, that--
you know, where, it's
like they do something
and we're mad at them, but
then they're in the doghouse,
so to say, but two minutes
later, they're, oh, I
didn't do anything.
Or, you know, I forgive
you, or they can't--
even if you are physically
angry with them or something,
they'll, you know, it's OK.
The ultimate show
of how to forgive.
>> Yes.
And also how to be present.
They're extremely in the moment.
They don't tie their
moments together in the way
that they do--
in the way that we do.
And they also don't
filter out the information
that our mental
bodies filter out,
coming back around to
that-- thank you, Zoe.
So I'm aware that Zoe and Izzy
and Ursula the Smurf, our cats,
are always interacting
with the beings that
are present in our space.
I see them watching the
beings and seeing things
that I can't access
in the moment.
>> Excellent.
Well, thanks, guys.
Let us know if
something pops in here.
And maybe we'll
catch it on film.
Well, I guess the last
question, before we move in,
is when you were trying to
find labels, I guess, for the--
or if you weren't even trying,
but did they present themselves
and say, I am such and such,
I am Pleiadian collective,
I am Calliandra.
Is that how it happened?
Or were you able to--
how did that come
to you for each--
>> So initially, it
wasn't that easy.
>> OK.
Yeah, that's what I figured.
I want the story to this.
>> I wish.
With the Pleidians it was easy.
Immediately I recognized
the transmission
from the Pleiadians as a
Pleiadian transmission.
I recognized it in my
body in a visceral way.
It was very clear to me.
That's who I was
in contact with.
And I'd been aware of
the Pleiadian energy.
So my mental body
had already accepted
the truth of the
Pleiadian collectives
and their work with
us here on Earth.
So when they made
direct contact with me,
my mental body didn't freak
out and try to screen out
that piece of information.
It was clear to me.
Now, many of the
other beings that I've
worked with, it's taken me
some time to kind of work
my way into discerning who
it was I was connecting with.
Now when I say time, I
mean perhaps a matter
of minutes or hours.
Yes.
It's never been
longer than that.
And that's just, I guess,
part of my operating system.
Calliandra, for
instance, when she first
made herself known to me, I felt
a new being link up with me.
I was preparing for a
radio interview that night,
and I could feel this really
wonderful, playful presence.
And immediately, I
knew it to be fairy.
So again, Nora had
accepted fairies.
That was easy.
Ah, I know this
vibration to be fairy.
So I asked for a name.
And I got the name,
initially, Calliana.
So I was playing with
Calliana, I was like, OK.
And I thought, no,
that's not quite right.
And then I got oh,
it's Calliandra.
Got it.
As soon as I heard, felt, and
that's really predominantly
how I access
information when I'm not
in the semiconscious direct
voice channeling state.
>> So like in a dream state?
>> So when Nora-- no, when
Nora is conscious and awake,
and when I choose to seek
out information as Nora,
meaning information I can't just
read from a book or you know,
I feel it and I hear it.
I hear the words.
I see it.
I see it sometimes
like words on a paper.
I see the story.
Very occasionally, I access more
of my clairvoyant abilities,
meaning I will see an
image, I'll see some light,
I'll see a story playing
out in my mind's eye.
So I felt, heard
the name Calliandra.
I thought, OK, her
name is Calliandra.
And then I had to go
outside and ground myself.
Because I was working with a
new vibration, a new frequency.
And I found it actually
really powerful and intense
to work with a fifth
dimensional being.
So I was used to working
with these very, very
high vibrations and
high frequencies, which
were in some ways easier to
work with, because it's so--
well, any of you listening right
now, if you just take a breath,
you can tune into that, yes,
that light high-high vibration.
Imagine it's like
interacting with a cloud.
Yes, gentle, easy, right.
Calliandra was like interacting
with a sledgehammer.
Her energy was so powerful.
Because she has more
density to her vibration
as a fifth dimensional being.
So I had to go outside
and stand on the ground.
And then I came in and sat
in front of my computer.
And I thought, all right,
I'm going to look up the word
Calliandra and see what I find.
Because I like to
also, if I can,
back up my other
dimensional information
with third dimensional
information.
And I googled the
word Calliandra,
and it's a plant
called Fairy Duster.
And I'd not ever heard
that word before.
>> Fairy Duster.
>> Yes.
>> Nice.
>> And it was such a moment
of validation for me,
which was great.
I was going to go on
the radio that night
and introduce a new being.
So how wonderful
that I got that.
Yeah.
>> So the information you
got was Calliandra Fairy.
>> Yes.
>> And then the validation
was Calliandra the name.
>> Yeah.
So that took me
a couple of hours
to answer that question
and discerning frequencies
and vibrations.
Sometimes when I'm working
with a client and someone who's
passed connects up with
me, you know, sometimes
I'll feel immediately
like, oh, this
is their mother who's passed.
And that's work that
I don't do a lot of,
but I do it occasionally
when it's necessary.
They will present
themselves to me.
And then typically,
I'll just ask
some questions of the client.
Where's your mother, is
usually how I'll start,
as opposed to I've made
contact with your mother.
Because that can be startling
for somebody who's lost, yes.
>> Right off the bat, yeah.
But how about
so-called dark energies
or even manipulating tricksters
or these kinds of what
we see typically in
the movies, or actually
this whole experience,
you know, channeling
is kind of been made quite
negative in our media.
And with, you know, like,
what was it, "The Exorcist,"
and those kinds of thing.
>> Yes, I've interacted,
especially when I first started
channeling, had a couple of
interactions with energies that
felt, that seemed to be wanting
to guide and seemed to be
wanting to give information.
And so initially,
it was interesting.
And then what I found happening
was I started feeling afraid.
Not of the being itself,
but of the information
they were giving me.
It was causing me to
feel afraid, afraid
that I wasn't going to have
what I wanted in my life, afraid
that I wasn't really powerful.
So then I become aware,
oh, I'm accessing
another vibrational
energy that I
don't want to be playing with.
>> I see.
>> And then I would just--
>> And that's how you could
kind of discern, too, which--
>> Yes.
>> --which energy is there,
just if it's doing some--
if it's putting you in a
fear based state, then--
>> Yes.
If you're accessing
an energy and you
start to feel bad in your
body, it's not really an energy
you want to be playing with.
So the thing to do then is to
just send a big transmission
of unconditional
love to that being
and raise your own vibration.
That clears the being
out of your space.
It raises your energy.
Then you're able to reconnect
with those higher vibrational
beings, and then you
can always, as well,
if you're already channeling--
so if you're familiar with
the process--
you can call on a
being that you know
to be of a higher
vibrational nature
that you're familiar with
to kind of reconnect,
solidify those connections.
>> Yeah.
Because I've heard of cases
where energies start out good.
It's almost like,
almost like the church,
you know, start out good with
good love and light messages,
and get people in.
And then somewhere
down the path,
the message can kind
of turn and then
start putting people in
a fear-based situation.
And then usually
after they get a bunch
of people kind of already
in, you know very much
like a church type scenario.
>> Yes.
Well, the other issue that
you're touching on here
is, you know, as a channel,
you still have an ego.
So often what will happen is,
in those situations, the energy
itself stays in that
high vibrational state.
It's the filter that
alters, meaning the channel.
So I'm constantly
checking my filter.
I'm constantly
having to disengage
from any personal intention
or attachment to anything
personally for Nora
while channeling,
or the person I'm
channeling for.
So if I were channeling for you,
Ruben, in a private session,
and I had a particular desire
for you for your success,
let's say, if I was
attached to that,
that would cloud my
ability to clearly discern
the information
that's coming through,
and then I'd put
my own spin on it.
So what you're talking
about, I think,
in those cults that have come
up around channels and things
like that, there's an imperative
underneath that the channel is
running for a prosperity
issue or relationship
issue or a sexual issue,
or whatever it is.
And suddenly the being is
recommending everyone hand
over their money, when really
it's the channel speaking
and the being has no
control over that.
So that's the other
wonderful thing
about this co-creative
work in channeling,
I can only bring through what I
allow myself to bring through.
They can't force
me to do anything.
So I can alter the message,
really, anytime I want.
>> Right.
You really have to keep
yourself in check, though.
>> Yeah.
And I have a lot of
lessons that I've
experienced in this
lifetime to remind
me to keep myself in check.
>> I'm sure they're guiding and
helping you do that, as well.
>> Yes, they are.
>> As long as you're
paying attention.
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> And I guess when those others
that we talked about probably
aren't paying attention
or, you know, they're not--
I'm sure they're those
higher beings are probably
screaming at them,
and then the ego
kicks in and tunes them out.
>> Yes, and I think those
things happen for karmic reasons
or because they've got
trauma they haven't resolved,
and that trauma begins
to spin this tale.
But the other thing
you've got to look at here
is anybody who gets pulled
in by something like that,
they are a co-creator in
that experience, as well.
They are willingly handing
over their free will
to that entity or
that higher being.
And that's their
lesson, as well.
So then the channel,
who is bringing
through the information in that
way with their own, perhaps,
distorted filter
is suddenly serving
to offer this lesson
to anybody who
wants to hand over
their free will
and forget they're sovereign.
>> Man, so many people hand
over that freedom so easily.
>> Well, we're also
programmed to be enslaved.
So we really--
>> Is that a DNA
programming, you think?
Or is that--
>> It's in our genetic code.
And it's something that we're
in the process of rewriting
as we integrate
our higher selves.
Because our higher ourselves
don't have that imperative
to run the enslavement games.
>> They don't have
genetics, do they?
>> Right.
Right.
Well, they don't.
But as we're integrating
our higher selves
into our third
dimensional chakra system,
our higher selves
are interacting
with our physical
genetic structure.
So now I'm a bit going
into the channeling state.
So I'm not fully direct
voice channeling.
But if you're paying
attention to me,
you're going to see I look a
little different right now.
Because my eyes are starting
to have a different focus.
So the Pleiadians are just
reminding us right now
that as we integrate
our higher selves,
we are altering
ourselves from the inside
out, physically,
genetically, as well,
and we're breaking down the--
greetings, this is the
Pleiadian collective, as always.
It's wonderful to have
the opportunity to link up
with you in this way.
And we'll give you back
Nora, if you need her again--
>> No, no, this is
a good transition.
>> --in a moment.
>> Perfect.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]